Amazon Celebrates 10(th) Holiday Season of Frustration-Free Packaging -- An Invention That's Helped Eliminate 181,000 Tons of Packaging and 307 Million Boxes, and Given Millions of Customers Holidays Without "Wrap Rage"
12 days 9 hours 54 minutes ago - DJNF
Certified Frustration-Free Packaging is easy to open, with no annoying clamshells or twist ties, and 100% recyclable
Amazon's Frustration-Free Packaging Programs have grown to include both Frustration-Free Packaging and Ships in Own Container, which produce less waste than traditional packaging -- great for customers and the environment

Amazon works directly with thousands of manufacturers to redesign their packaging, eliminating waste throughout the supply chain while ensuring products arrive undamaged on customers' doorsteps

SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 21, 2017--

(NASDAQ: AMZN)--Ten years ago this holiday season, Amazon introduced "Frustration-Free Packaging," an invention designed to reduce waste and delight customers with easy-to-open, 100% recyclable packaging. Frustration-Free Packaging ends customer "wrap rage" by removing plastic bindings, wire ties, and clamshell casings -- making boxes simple to open. And it's great for the environment because products ship in their original packaging, eliminating the need for an additional shipping box.

Since launching in November 2008 with 19 items, Amazon's packaging programs have grown to include both Frustration-Free Packaging and "Ships in Own Container." In 2017 alone, Amazon has delivered 120 million shipments with packaging that is certified Frustration-Free or Ships in Own Container. To date, Amazon's sustainable packaging innovations have eliminated 181,000 tons of packaging material and avoided 307 million shipping boxes -- enough boxes to fill more than 550,000 semi-trucks.

"A decade ago we set out to invent packaging that is easy for customers to open, eliminates waste, and ensures products arrive undamaged on our customers' doorsteps," said Kim Houchens, Director of Customer Packaging Experience at Amazon. "Our certified packaging programs, including Frustration-Free Packaging, have delighted tens of millions of customers around the globe -- and we're adding new products to these programs every day."

One of the biggest challenges in e-commerce packaging is designing it to be as compact as possible while ensuring that products arrive fully intact. Amazon works with manufacturers worldwide, helping them re-think and re-build their packaging, reducing waste throughout the supply chain while ensuring products are delivered to the customer undamaged. By thoroughly testing products in the Amazon Packaging Lab located in Seattle and also in fulfillment centers across the globe, Amazon identifies specific steps that manufacturers can take to improve their packaging. Manufacturers can even work alongside packaging engineers in Amazon's Lab to create new packaging for a specific product and test the packaging the same day. Only products that successfully pass this rigorous testing program are certified as part of Amazon's Frustration-Free Packaging Program.

Every year, Amazon receives millions of comments from customers delighted with the company's innovations in packaging. Here are just two examples:

"The old frustration-full packaging took scissors and blood and sweat to open. The new way is perfect! Pull cardboard tab, open envelope, memory card in hand."

"I am a huge fan of Amazon Frustration Free Packaging ... Thank you for offering packaging that allows me to access my purchases without endangering myself."

"For years, Hasbro has been hard at work to make our toy and game packaging more sustainable," said Kathrin Belliveau, Senior Vice President, Global Government, Regulatory Affairs and Corporate Social Responsibility, Hasbro, Inc. "We love how Frustration-Free Packaging allows us to deepen our commitment to sustainability, enables our consumers to enjoy their toys and games the minute they unwrap the box, and reduces waste -- good for the environment, good for consumers, and good for business."

"Sustainable growth for Colgate Palmolive means a focus on minimizing our environmental impact while continuing to expand our global business. Working with Amazon on packaging innovations has enabled us to do just that," said Mike Corbo, Chief Supply Chain Officer, Colgate Palmolive. "Packaging waste is costly -- for the business and for the planet -- so we're excited to be working with Amazon to drive sustainability improvements."

For more about Amazon's commitment to sustainability, visit www.amazon.com/sustainability.