ymantec Selects Amazon Web Services to Deliver Cloud Security to Global Customers
11 days 2 hours 24 minutes ago - DJNF
Leading cyber security company builds next generation SaaS services and companywide data lake on top of AWS as part of its 'cloud-first' strategy
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 22, 2017--

Today, Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ: AMZN), announced that Symantec has chosen AWS as its strategic infrastructure provider for the vast majority of its cloud workloads, leveraging AWS's infrastructure scale and maturity to deliver cloud security to its global customers. With AWS's breadth and depth of cloud capabilities, Symantec has transformed legacy applications into cloud-based solutions, and built innovative, cloud-native as well as hybrid offerings.

Symantec's relationship with AWS is long-term and bi-directional, with Symantec not only making a major operational move to AWS, but also tapping the global footprint of the AWS Marketplace to deliver its security services. The company built a data lake on AWS that collects tens of terabytes of data every day from 175 million endpoints and more than 57 million attack sensors. Symantec chose AWS for its scale and comprehensive cloud capabilities, including data services, analytics, machine learning, and container management. Innovating on AWS has allowed Symantec to deliver new security software and tools to customers faster, while adhering to strict data protection requirements.

"Our cloud-first approach to engineering requires a highly scalable and reliable infrastructure that helps our team deliver faster time-to-market and ensure that security remains our top priority," said Raj Patel, Vice President, Cloud Platform Engineering at Symantec. "Symantec is committed to protecting the cloud generation through our leading security products, as well as leveraging the cloud to deliver our services. AWS's experience serving some of the most risk-sensitive enterprise customers was an important part of the decision to choose AWS as we execute on our enterprise Integrated Cyber Defense strategy."

"Leading ISVs worldwide are moving core business applications to AWS for greater agility and efficiency, reduce costs, and to leverage the security, reliability, and global infrastructure we offer," said Mike Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. "By taking advantage of the benefits of deploying their software on AWS, Symantec has been able to accelerate its pace of innovation, gain deeper insights through their companywide data lake, and use that knowledge to make better informed business decisions. We look forward to working with Symantec to deliver world-class security to global customers."

About Amazon Web Services

For 11 years, Amazon Web Services has been the world's most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud platform. AWS offers over 90 fully featured services for compute, storage, networking, database, analytics, application services, deployment, management, developer, mobile, Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), security, hybrid, and enterprise applications, from 44 Availability Zones (AZs) across 16 geographic regions in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, India, Ireland, Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by millions of active customers around the world -- including the fastest growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government agencies -- to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com.