Amazon's Cyber Monday Brings Incredible Deals and Convenient Delivery
9 days 11 hours 54 minutes ago - DJNF
Last year on Cyber Monday, Amazon customers ordered a record-breaking 740 items per second, totaling tens of millions of items worldwide

Save up to 30% on select LEGO sets; Up to 50% on select Hasbro games, Nerf products, Play-doh, and more;

Fire HD 10, only $99.99 -- the lowest price ever!

Voice Shoppers can shop select Cyber Monday deals starting as early as 5pm PT, Sunday, Nov. 26 -- just ask Alexa

Customers can shop tens of thousands of Cyber Monday deals from small businesses and entrepreneurs, including startups in the Amazon Launchpad and Amazon Exclusives programs, as well as Artisans on Amazon Handmade

SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 24, 2017--

(NASDAQ:AMZN) -- Amazon today revealed a preview of its Cyber Monday deals to close out the "Turkey 5" -- those five popular shopping days starting Thanksgiving and continuing through Cyber Monday. On Cyber Monday, customers will find more than 30 Deals of the Day and thousands of Lightning Deals across more than 30 categories including toys, electronics, fashion, beauty, kitchen, sporting goods, and more, in addition to incredible prices on Amazon Devices and products from small businesses and entrepreneurs, at amazon.com/cybermonday. Starting tomorrow, customers can also discover new deals every day throughout Cyber Monday Deals Week, and continue to choose from more than one hundred million items eligible for free shipping every day. This includes eligible orders of $25 or more on items shipped by Amazon, as well as from small businesses and entrepreneurs selling on Amazon.

Last year on Cyber Monday, Amazon customers ordered more than 64 million items worldwide -- a record-breaking 740 items per second, and customers worldwide purchased roughly 36 toys per second on mobile devices alone!

Customers can also shop Cyber Monday deals using the Amazon App (to download, visit amazon.com/mobileapps from your mobile browser), and set Watch a Deal alerts to ensure they never miss a deal. Voice Shoppers can shop select Cyber Monday deals even earlier, beginning at 5pm PT, Sunday, Nov. 26 -- just ask Alexa.

Here's a sneak peek at just some of the deals that will be available on Cyber Monday, while supplies last. And don't forget-- customers can easily give back to their favorite charity while shopping through smile.amazon.com.