The market may be powering to new highs, but there are 15 companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index that have been left behind. Not only have they not kept pace with the index's 274% rise since the March 9, 2009, low of 666, but they have actually fallen since then.

Not surprisingly, most of the names are in the beleaguered energy sector -- 10 of the 15. The five nonenergy names include three commodity-related companies -- Newmont Mining , Mosaic , and Freeport-McMoRan , which hasn't made money since 2013, according to Rich Peterson, principal analyst at S&P Global Market Intelligence, who assembled the data. The other two are CenturyLink and Staples , which is being acquired by a private-equity firm, and has suffered along with other retailers.

It stands to reason that the energy names, including Apache , Hess (which is down 17% from 2009), and Chesapeake Energy (down a whopping 65%), would be laggards, given the glut of crude oil and the resulting decline in prices. As it happens, energy is the only sector that has fallen since Donald Trump was elected president.

So, given these significant declines in the energy sector, are energy names a buy? Paul Cheng, an energy analyst at Barclays, thinks there is a compelling risk/reward to the sector, and he carries an Overweight on nearly half of the 11 integrated oil companies he covers.

Among nonenergy names on the S&P list, Freeport-McMoRan, FirstEnergy, CenturyLink, and Staples all trade below 12 times forward earnings.

Last Week

Higher and Higher

The Dow Jones Industrial Average continued its seemingly inexorable climb, closing at a record 21,830.31, up 1.2% on the week, helped by strong earnings reports. On the week, the Standard & Poor's 500 index fell slightly, to 2472.10, and the Nasdaq also ticked down, to 6374.68.

The Skinny on Health Care

The Senate rejected a "skinny" repeal of the Affordable Care Act after John McCain joined Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins in voting no. But the body sent a Russian sanctions bill to Trump's desk.

Taper Time

The Fed left interest rates unchanged, and said it expects to begin tapering its balance sheet "relatively soon." The statement noted the recent weakness in inflation, but didn't change significantly from the statement released after the July meeting.

Earnings Power

Shares in McDonald's and Boeing surged after both topped earnings expectations, and Samsung reported record high quarterly profit and sales. But General Motors profit plunged in the quarter on costs related to its European pullback, and Whirlpool, the subject of a recent Barron's story, lost 7% after falling short of expectations and giving lower guidance.

Oil's Well

Crude oil prices rose smartly after Saudi Arabia cut its oil exports and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said it might crack down on members who aren't keeping their vows to limit production. On the week, crude oil rose 8.6%, its best week since December, to $49.71 a barrel.

Beating Up on Sessions

President Donald Trump was unrelenting in his criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions, scolding him for recusing himself from the Russia investigation and for not investigating Hillary Clinton. On Friday, Trump in a tweet said he had replaced White House chief of staff Reince Priebus with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.

GDP Disappoints

Gross domestic product rose 2.6% in the second quarter, the advance reading showed, less than the consensus forecast of 2.7%.

Yellen in the Running

Trump is considering nominating Fed Chair Janet Yellen to another term, but he also views economic adviser Gary Cohn as a top candidate, he told The Wall Street Journal in an interview.

Kushner Denies Collusion

Trump's son-in-law and adviser Jared Kushner said he didn't collude with Russia to interfere in the 2016 election, and that he didn't know of anyone who did. He rejected the idea that Russia was responsible for Trump's victory.

A New Agenda

Democrats put forth a new policy agenda focused on the economy. Promising a "better deal" for Americans, Democratic party leaders made a populist pitch.