Seven minutes a day of watching stuff is all that Facebook ( s) needs people 
to do to help the company break even on its investment in producing original 
video in 2018, writes Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley today.

He expects Facebook will easily leap that hurdle next year, reiterating an 
Overweight rating on the shares and a $200 price target.

Video is the thing CEO and founder Mark Zuckerberg called the biggest trend 
for the company during the Q3 conference call with analysts. Facebook has 
introduced a "tab" labeled " Watch" to draw people to stuff, and its Watch that 
Nowak today sets about analyzing.

He acknowledges this is tricky because it's "challenging" to estimate how much 
content Facebook will produce, both long-form and short-form. He's come up with a 
"base model" in which he assumes they make 15 of the former and 12 "episodes" of 
short-form in 2018.

Nowak thinks the most likely scenario is that they make a little over half a
 billion dollars next year on $400 million of development spending, as viewership 
 rises to 20 minutes a day on average, more than the 7 minutes they need to break 
 even on a lower investment:

By our math FB needs to drive Watch engagement to 2% of total core FB minutes to 
break-even on our base case $200mn content investment. This implies 7 Watch minutes
 per N. America DAU/day (Watch is currently only in US) or 3 minutes across N.
  America/Europe (if FB expands Watch) [...] We Model $565 million of '18 Watch
   Video Revenue, $400mn of Video Spend. We estimate that FB grows Watch to 6% of 
   total FB minutes, or an average of 20 minutes per N. America DAU/day...still 
   materially lower than daily video consumption on other, more established platforms.

Nowak thinks it's "difficult" to see Facebook spending more than a billion on 
development next year, but if it does happen, it would be a bullish sign, as 
"it would speak to Facebook's success in changing consumer behavior."

Facebook shares today closed own $2.08, or 1%, at $175.10.