Good day everyone. And welcome to the Genesco's Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Conference Call. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded.

Participants on the call expect to make forward-looking statements. These statements reflect the participants' expectations as of today, but actual results could be different. Genesco refers you to this morning's earnings release and to the Company's SEC filings, including the most recent 10-Q filing, for some of the factors that could cause differences from the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements made during the call today.

Participants also expect to refer to certain adjusted financial measures during the call. All non-GAAP financial measures referred to in the prepared remarks are reconciled to their GAAP counterparts in the attachments to this morning's press release and in schedules available on the Company's homepage under Investor Relations.

I will now turn the call over to Bob Dennis, Genesco's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.

Bob Dennis

Thank you. Good morning and thank you for being with us. I'm joined today by our Chief Financial Officer, Mimi Vaughn.

The third quarter, as we expected was a tail up to businesses. Journeys built honest momentum following the emergence from its recent passion shift and posted a solid comp gain. Meanwhile Lids after a challenging second quarter faced a variety of additional challenges that meaningfully pressured its performance.

As we have seen throughout the year, the dramatic consumer shift in shopping away from storage to digital continued once again in Q3. Although, we did see bright spots in both store traffic and store purchases during back to school in more than one of our concepts.

In total, consolidated comparable sales increased 1% with stores down 2% and direct up 24%. EPS of $1.2 was a few cents above our internal estimates, but down year-over-year due to the pressures at Lids, losses resulting from the one time conversion of our Little Burgundy Canadian business to the Journeys platform and challenges in our licensed brands wholesale business.

In addition EPS would have been higher by a few cents if not for the impact of hurricane Maria on our businesses in Puerto Rico. In a few minutes Mimi will discuss the specifics of Q3 results in more detail, but I'm first going to walk through the high points and the headwinds of the quarter. And then I'm going to give some color on Black Friday and November trends and talk about how we are thinking about guidance for the remainder of the year before turning it over to her.

And then before I get into operating performance, let me briefly address the goodwill impairment that we announced this morning. Mimi will give more color on this, but I wanted to stress that is a move driven entirely by our current market value and accounting standards and does not reflect any change in our assessment of Lids strategic position and long-term products.

So now on to operating performance. We had expected it to be a difficult quarter given low levels of mall traffic, the more pronounced shift in shopping to online and the challenging facing Lids. Therefore we were pleased to see the strength in our teen and young adult fashion footwear businesses on both sides of the Atlantic. Both Journeys and Schuh carried strong back-to-school momentum from August into September.