By Josh Mitchell
WASHINGTON -- The Trump administration is reaching out to the country's biggest finance and tech companies for help in managing the government's $1.3 trillion student-loan program.

The meetings are part of an overhaul of one of the nation's biggest consumer-loan portfolios, undertaken by Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and A. Wayne Johnson, the Education Department's chief operating officer of federal student aid.

The program, which is the main source of financing for American college and graduate students, has suffered from years of customer-service complaints, shaky accounting, rising costs and a high level of borrower defaults.

The government's current contracts with student-loan servicers, the contractors that deal directly with borrowers on the government's behalf, expire in 2019. Mr. Johnson said he's not satisfied with the current service and wants to look beyond traditional higher-education-related companies to administer the program.

Mr. Johnson, appointed in June, said in an interview that he has met with several dozen companies to solicit ideas on how to improve the program and gauge their interest in submitting bids. The companies include Wall Street titans Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.; credit-card companies Visa. Inc. and American Express Co.; and tech giant Amazon.com Inc., he said.

Representatives for those companies didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.

The Education Department is aiming to formally request bids early next year and complete contracts in the spring, he said. The functions up for bid would include dealing directly with borrowers, designing a smartphone app, tracking down delinquent borrowers, processing data, and analyzing repayment trends, he said. The department has hired McKinsey & Co. to guide the revamp, Mr. Johnson said.

"We are now approaching a determination of where we are and where we'd like to be, very, very much like the private sector would approach the same type of challenge," said Mr. Johnson, a former finance-company executive.

The government currently spends about $1 billion a year on more than a half-dozen companies to deal with borrowers and collect payments. The government has consistently relied on the same set of companies, including Navient Corp.

"By limiting ourselves to a small population of historical providers we were restricting innovation," Mr. Johnson said.

Navient CEO Jack Remondi said in a statement, "It makes sense to survey the landscape for new ideas and technology that could help simplify today's overly complex design and lead to better borrower outcomes."

About 42 million Americans owe $1.34 trillion in federal student loans, Education Department data show. Student debt ranks as the second-highest form of household credit in the U.S., after mortgages. But millions of borrowers are behind on their payments, despite low unemployment and steady economic growth.

Student advocates say service companies haven't don't enough to help borrowers lower their monthly payments through plans such as income-driven repayment, which tie monthly payments to earnings. Servicers contend they are unable to reach most borrowers in default despite repeated phone calls and emails.

Mr. Johnson said the agency could start a procurement process in January and have a contract, or contracts, signed by spring.