Intel Announces Private Exchange Offers for Three Series of Notes Open to Certain Investors and Related Tender Offers Open to All Investors Expiration Date: 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 5, 2017 (unless extended)
4 days 9 hours 35 minutes ago - DJNF
SANTA CLARA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 29, 2017--

Intel announced today the commencement of two related transactions to repurchase three series of its outstanding notes.

Exchange Offers

The first transaction consists of three separate private offers to exchange (the "Exchange Offers") any and all of the outstanding series of notes listed below under the heading Exchange Offers (collectively, the "Old Notes") in exchange for a combination of newly issued debt securities of Intel (the "New Notes") and cash, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum dated November 29, 2017 (the "Offering Memorandum" and, together with the accompanying exchange offer notice of guaranteed delivery, the "Exchange Offer Documents"). Only holders who have duly completed and returned an Eligibility Letter certifying that they are either (1) "qualified institutional buyers" ("QIBs") as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or (2) non-"U.S. persons" (as defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act) located outside of the United States and non-U.S. qualified offerees (as defined in the Eligibility Letter) are authorized to receive the Offering Memorandum and to participate in the Exchange Offers (each an "Exchange Offer Eligible Holder").

The Exchange Offers will expire at 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 5, 2017 (such date and time with respect to an Exchange Offer, as the same may be extended with respect to such Exchange Offer, the "Expiration Date"). Old Notes tendered may be validly withdrawn at any time at or prior to 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on December 5, 2017, (such date and time with respect to an Exchange Offer, as the same may be extended with respect to such Offer, the "Withdrawal Date"), but not thereafter, unless extended by Intel. The "Settlement Date" with respect to an Exchange Offer will be promptly following the Expiration Date and is expected to be December 8, 2017.

On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum, Intel is offering to any and all Exchange Offer Eligible Holders of its outstanding Old Notes listed below to exchange such Old Notes for New Notes and cash:

Composition of

Hypothetical

Total Exchange Price