For many years, the U.S. government has been wary of tax inversions, which enable an American corporation to acquire a foreign company and then reincorporate overseas.

Because corporate tax rates abroad are often lower than the U.S.'s maximum 35%, the newly formed company benefits. (Under proposed tax-reform legislation in Congress, the rate would be slashed to 20%).

These inversions have been controversial, in part because of the tax avoidance. However, a recent bill that made it out of the Senate Finance Committee would tax the dividends of inverted companies -- referred to as surrogate foreign corporations in one section of the measure -- at a much higher rate than currently.

U.S. SHAREHOLDERS of these companies could face up to a 38.5% tax rate on these payouts, depending on their bracket. That includes "a U.S. corporation that inverts to become a foreign corporation," according to the bill.

Under current law, individuals are entitled to a lower tax rate on qualified dividend income, up to a maximum 20%.

"Instead of being taxed at [lower] capital gain rates, the dividend would be taxed at the recipient's top marginal rate," explains Robert Willens, who runs an eponymous consultancy focused on tax and accounting issues. "In effect, the dividend would be subject to the same tax rate as interest income or wages would be."

For a tax-reform bill to get passed and signed into law by President Trump, the House and Senate versions will have to be combined, with some compromises along the way, and nothing is guaranteed. But if tax legislation is approved, "I would expect that this proposal has a good chance of becoming law," says Willens.

Among the U.S. companies that have done inversions are medical device maker Medtronic (ticker: MDT), which combined with Irish company Covidien in 2015, and industrial firm Eaton (ETN), which inverted in 2012. Both corporations are now domiciled in Ireland.

Allergan (AGN), Johnson Controls International (JCI), Mylan (MYL), and Endo International (ENDP) also have done inversions.

A higher tax on their dividends would hurt shareholders, but would provide much-needed revenue to offset some of the cuts a new tax package would bring.

The "overriding theme of this legislation is to lower taxes on U.S. companies, while raising taxes on 'inbound companies,' " namely those based overseas, says Dan Clifton, head of the Washington office of Strategas, a research firm.

"Non-U.S. companies operate at a tax advantage inside the U.S., relative to U.S. companies. Cost advantage leads to inversions," he adds. The legislation, he continues, seeks to close that gap. "Treating inverted companies' dividend income as ordinary income is one way to do that," he observes.

This has implications for dividend investors, as well. "Those dividends, compared to dividends distributed by domestic corporations of comparable quality, would not be worth as much on an after-tax basis," says Willens, adding that it would give "a domestic corporation a relative advantage," compared with a company that's done an inversion.

If this proposal does become part of a tax package that's approved, investors will need to think carefully about whether dividends from these companies are worth the added cost.