What Will It Take for Apple to Contend with Netflix and Amazon in Video? -- Barrons.com
12 days 9 hours 12 minutes ago - DJNF
By Emily Bary
Apple Music is a bit of an also-ran in the world of subscription services, and one industry watcher recently looked at what it would take for that to change.

Gene Munster, a former Piper Jaffray analyst who now works as a venture capitalist at Loup Ventures, writes Tuesday that he views having at least 75 million monthly subscribers as the mark of success for a "winning" content platform. As it stands, Apple Music has about 30 million. That compares to about 65 million for Spotify, 90 million for Amazon, and 105 million for Netflix, by Munster's count.

Getting consumers to pay for a new content service is a "tall order," Munster argues, given that there are more than 200 subscription video services available in the U.S. But he thinks Apple is about to revamp its delivery platform in the next two or three years, in "the form of a rebranded Apple Music."

He notes that Apple dropped "Computer" from its name in 2007 when it began selling iPhones and removed "Store" from the name of its retail locations last year. Apple Music and iTunes could be due for a name change as well, given that both have expanded beyond music.

A name change isn't enough, of course, to make Apple a real contender in the landscape for streaming offerings. Apple will also need to bolster its subscription service from a content perspective. The company's first foray into original TV, Planet of the Apps, came off like one long ad for Apple products. Upcoming efforts seem like they could be more promising. The company said earlier this month that it would debut a drama series starring Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon.

To contend with big spenders like Netflix and Amazon, as well as the traditional networks, Apple will have to pay up for its programming, which it seems to be doing here, at least on a small scale. The Wall Street Journal reported that the new show could cost $10 million an episode to make and that Netflix and CBS were also interested in it.

Munster sees Apple spending just $500 million on original content this year and he predicts fast growth going forward. The company could spend $4.2 billion on original programming come 2022.

It remains to be seen whether Apple will be willing to invest in content on the same level as its peers going forward, though. Content is Netflix's whole business, while Amazon has poured money into programming even though that's just one small sliver of what the company does. Munster estimates that Netflix will spend $6.8 billion on original programing in 2022, and that Amazon.com will spend $8.3 billion.