Good afternoon, and welcome to the Weight Watchers Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.

I would now like to turn the conference over to Corey Kinger with Investor Relations. Please go ahead.

Corey Kinger

Thank you, Phil, and thank you to everyone for joining us today for Weight Watchers International second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. At about 4:15 PM Eastern Time today, the company issued a press release, reporting the second quarter 2017 results. The purpose of this call is to provide investors with some further details regarding the company's financial results, as well as to provide a general update on the company's progress.

The press release is available on the company's corporate website located at weightwatchersinternational.com. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are also available as part of the press release.

Before we begin, let me remind everyone that this call will contain forward-looking statements. Investors should be aware that any forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed here today. These risk factors are explained in detail in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please refer to these filings for a more detailed discussion of forward-looking statements, and the risks and uncertainties of such statements. All forward-looking statements are made as of today, and except as required by law, the company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information to future events or otherwise.

Joining today's call are Mindy Grossman, the company's President and CEO; and Nick Hotchkin, CFO. I'll now turn the call over to Mindy.

Mindy Grossman

Thanks, Corey. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. First, I want to say that I could not be more excited, honored and thrilled to have joined Weight Watchers. To be part of this wonderful heritage brand that truly impacts people's lives, to partner with the passionate teams around the globe that have been able to stabilize the business and return it to growth, and to have the opportunity to now transform the brand and realize the future potential of the business and brand mission, that is what is profoundly meaningful to me.

As a quick background, I've spent almost 40 years in the branded consumer space. Prior to joining Weight Watchers, I spent 11 years with HSNI, an interactive portfolio of lifestyle brands, having joined as CEO of ISC Retail, re-launching the brand and the business, and then taking the company public in 2008. Prior to that, I have had a long history helping build global branded businesses, including Nike, Ralph Lauren and Tommy Hilfiger.

Importantly, what has always fueled my passion, has been growth, transformation and acceleration. And I believe that the next wave of successful and sustainable brands will be those that help people live a connected life of meaning. That's what attracted me to Weight Watchers, the opportunity to leverage the powerful brand and consumer equity that's been built over the past 54 years, and further evolve and transform the business to become a more dynamic, immersive, relevant consumer-driven company.

About this article:Expand